‐ Previously on "The Purge"...
This doesn't have
the same weight it used to.
‐ It's a new world out there.
I chose to adapt.
‐ Well, so am I.
The banks put the money
in the air.
We can take it before
it ever leaves the ground.
Can you get us to the vaults
that get loaded
onto the airplanes?
‐ You do know how to dream big.
‐ Jammer's in place.
[device beeps]
[electricity crackles]
‐ Somebody put a bounty
on your head.
‐ Cases like these,
it's someone you know.
‐ Ivory Road,
it's a trading post
for illegal activity.
‐ Have you Purged before?
‐ Yeah.
‐ There's nothing
to be ashamed of.
‐ [grunts]
‐ This is that missing farmer
stuff you've been following.
‐ Heatstroke
the cause of death.
‐ I'm looking for Olivia.
[gasps]
‐ Olivia's case
has been closed.
The coroner ruled it
a suicide.
‐ Well, that's not right.
‐ I know your sister
was troubled.
‐ How do you know
about my sister?
[intense music]
[horns honking,
indistinct chatter]
[women speaking Portuguese]
‐ [speaking Portuguese]
Ah, "Dirty Harry."
Make my day, partner.
[squelches]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[suspenseful music]
‐ Can you hear me okay?
‐ Loud and clear.
Don't waste time.
Just get to the safe,
plant the device.
♪ ♪
‐ Good morning.
This way, please.
♪ ♪
Wait here. The Barkers
will be right with you.
♪ ♪
‐ Ah, Mr. and Mrs. Barker.
So good to meet you.
‐ Hi.
[clears throat] The brushwork
on this is magnificent.
‐ Family heirloom.
Just had it refurbished.
‐ Late 1800s, am I right?
Lovely composition.
I'm guessing the painter
was, uh, plein air.
‐ I miss Tommy.
‐ Tell me about it.
‐ Uh, well, shall we?
‐ Shall we what?
‐ Assess the items
in your bank safe.
‐ We don't need to go up there.
‐ We have our own people
for that.
‐ Here is an itemized list
of its contents.
Current value.
Total's right there
at the bottom.
‐ But the bank sent me
personally to do an appraisal.
‐ Easy visit for you, then.
‐ Oh, shit.
‐ I'm not sure this list is
going to be enough for my boss.
‐ If it's not,
have him call me.
[tense music]
Or I can just talk to him
next time we play golf.
♪ ♪
‐ Of course.
‐ We'll call you
when it's ready for pickup.
♪ ♪
‐ Thank you.
‐ Good‐bye, now.
♪ ♪
‐ I got a good price on these.
‐ I scheduled some range time
with the instructor on Sunday.
‐ Oh, thanks, babe.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ PI changed the meeting.
They want to meet at 5:30.
Does that work for you?
‐ Uh, yeah, I'm good.
Grab a bite after?
‐ Sure.
‐ Maybe, uh, somewhere nice,
like date night.
‐ Oh, yeah, you're right.
It's been a while.
I'm sorry.
‐ No, Marcus, no.
You're dealing with so much
right now.
You don't have to apologize.
I was just thinking
it could be good for us
to try and remember
what it's like
to feel normal, you know?
‐ I want that too, yeah?
[cell phone chimes]
‐ [sighs] Oh,
maybe you should answer that.
What if it's the investigator?
‐ Yeah.
♪ ♪
‐ So, uh, you ladies go out
on Halloween?
Scare up some trouble?
‐ Kelen made me do a
"Harry Potter" thing with her.
[both laugh]
‐ I made you?
You wanted to.
‐ I just stayed in,
read a book.
Boring, I know.
‐ No, no, I love books.
I'm finally getting around
to some classics, actually.
‐ What are you reading?
‐ Um, I'm halfway through
Dr. Updale's "Foundations
of the Experiment."
Unauthorized.
I'm kind of a history buff.
‐ NFFA history?
‐ Yeah, it was a best seller.
The part about giving in
to your worst urges
as a form of military service
is just...
[imitates explosion]
Wow.
‐ Didn't she kill herself
after creating
the first Purge Night?
‐ No, that's been debunked.
She died Purging.
‐ Well, you would know.
‐ [laughs]
I can recommend some books
if you want to look into it.
I have most of them
back in my dorm.
‐ Uh, maybe.
‐ Yeah?
‐ Uh, Andy,
get us some refills?
‐ Sure.
All right.
‐ Thanks, man.
‐ I'm so sorry.
This was Ben's idea.
‐ What?
Why are you sorry?
‐ Because we hooked her up
with a weirdo.
It's basically like listening
to Bobby Sheridan.
Everything is about the Purge.
‐ Is that what you think?
‐ Honestly, I would have
already left,
but I don't want to end up
on his hit list.
‐ I don't trust him.
He just feels off, you know?
‐ He's been cool to me.
‐ Well, you tell him it's not
gonna work with Bonnie.
‐ Fine.
‐ All right.
Two diet Sprites
for the ladies.
‐ Thanks.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
What'd I miss?
[indistinct chatter]
[phone rings]
[computer beeping]
‐ Esme.
‐ Uh, yeah, what's up?
‐ Do you have those stats yet?
‐ Stats?
Yeah, uh, no, I‐‐
I'm working on it.
‐ Okay, um, I need them
in an hour.
‐ Sure thing.
[dark music]
♪ ♪
[door clicks open]
Hello!
‐ [speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
‐ Sofia, get out here!
[knocking]
‐ What do you want?
‐ I don't understand Spanish.
‐ [laughs]
What's going on with you?
Come on, help me clean up.
‐ You're not Amá.
Stop trying to be.
♪ ♪
[door slams]
‐ Hey, what is this?
Oh, perfect.
What the fuck are you doing?
What are you not telling me?
‐ Nothing.
‐ "Nothing"?
It's always nothing with you.
♪ ♪
‐ Remember that night that
Amá was at the hospital?
The night that she‐‐
‐ Yes, I remember.
‐ She told me
that Apá was sick
and that sometimes he gets sad.
‐ Well, he's depressed.
‐ Why does he get to be
the only one who's hurting?
‐ That's not fair.
I am hurting too.
[stammers] Is that why
you're taking these?
‐ I don't know.
‐ What's wrong?
Talk to me.
Come on.
‐ Ow.
♪ ♪
‐ What's that?
Show me.
♪ ♪
What is this from?
Huh?
♪ ♪
What?
‐ They're from Apá.
♪ ♪
‐ [exhales shakily]
Oh, my God.
♪ ♪
How long?
‐ You believe me?
‐ Of course.
How long?
♪ ♪
‐ It started
right after Amá died.
The more he drinks,
the worse it gets.
♪ ♪
And I'm the only one here now.
You're the one
who got to leave.
‐ Oh, God, no.
♪ ♪
We're getting
the hell out of here.
Get your stuff.
♪ ♪
[keys clacking]
‐ I pulled the architectural
plans for the Barker house.
‐ What's our time frame?
How long do we have
to get Sara's jammer in place?
‐ It's gotta be back
at the bank in a week.
‐ That soon?
‐ Well, usually
the Purge vaults
don't ever leave the bank.
The only reason these two
got home delivery at all
was NFFA connections.
‐ Okay, okay,
let's back up here.
Now we're talking about
breaking and entering
off‐Purge?
‐ Well, that was always
plan B.
‐ Okay, well, I'm still on
plan A: nothing illegal.
That's the whole reason
why we got Tommy's guy on
in the first place.
‐ Hey, "Tommy's guy"
is getting you access
to a safe that's gonna be
on the Purge Night plane.
‐ Okay, well, you were supposed
to get the jammer in it.
We get caught doing this,
it is a crime.
‐ As long as we're unarmed
it's a minor offense, level Y.
‐ Heist is fucked
if we don't try this.
‐ Well, the heist will be
fucked if we're in prison.
‐ Guys, this house,
it's hidden from the street.
There's minimal cameras.
I'll play lookout.
‐ We gotta find our window.
It's a big property,
probably have staff working.
‐ Every Saturday,
they go and play golf.
No groundskeepers
that day either.
I'm telling you,
I did my research.
‐ I could follow them
and radio when they get back.
‐ See that there?
That‐‐that's the kind
of creative brainstorming
that we need right now.
‐ Doug, why are you okay
with this?
‐ 'Cause I wanna be done
with this kind of work.
This is our only shot
at pulling this off.
‐ We need to get in that safe,
or we have no way to stop
the planes on Purge Night.
It's now or never.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
‐ Marcus Moore.
Albert.
‐ So what are you looking
to score?
Oxy like everybody else
on the site?
‐ No, no, no.
Call me old‐fashioned.
I'd rather enjoy the emotional
highs and lows of daily life.
‐ So, uh, what, then?
‐ I read your story.
It stuck with me.
‐ Right.
So can you get me a name?
‐ I can.
♪ ♪
But names have consequences,
and they come at a price.
‐ So how much do you want?
How does this work?
How do I pay you?
♪ ♪
‐ Let's just say
there are a lot of people
who require a doctor.
♪ ♪
[knock at door]
‐ [sighs]
[lock slides]
[soft music]
♪ ♪
[door slams]
[lock clicks]
‐ Did you take the route
I asked?
‐ Yeah, I know
how to be discreet.
[lock clicks]
Looks like you do too.
Most of the Foundation figured
you were
a government trap.
‐ So why did you respond?
‐ I have a good sense
for people,
and I closely examined as many
of your personal accounts
as I could access.
We've never had someone
on the inside before.
♪ ♪
‐ This is everything
I got so far.
Olivia Hughes was murdered.
I just need your help
to find proof.
‐ If I can get you proof
the NFFA killed this girl,
the Foundation's gonna
wanna blast it wide.
‐ Good.
Her family deserves to know
what happened to her.
♪ ♪
Hey, wanna meet me
for lunch today?
‐ Nah, I'm tired.
I didn't sleep.
‐ You have therapy tonight,
right?
‐ Not going.
♪ ♪
‐ [speaking Spanish]
Sofie, come on.
You have to try.
Dr. Adams told me
you've stopped trying.
‐ She's not supposed
to tell you that.
Thought that was private.
‐ Well, you're a minor
in an extreme case of trauma.
She has to tell me.
‐ That's it.
I'm done whining
to some stranger.
‐ You need help that I don't
know how to give you myself.
You're going to see
Dr. Adams tonight.
Hmm?
You're going tonight.
♪ ♪
Okay.
[cell phone buzzing]
♪ ♪
‐ [groans]
Leave me alone.
♪ ♪
[cell phone chimes]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[cell phone buzzing]
‐ Let's get to work.
♪ ♪
‐ Welcome, Miss Parker.
Enjoy your day.
‐ Thanks.
♪ ♪
‐ Got eyes on target.
Work fast.
♪ ♪
‐ We all clear?
‐ Confirm the alarm
is deactivated.
[lock clicks]
♪ ♪
‐ In and out as quick
as possible.
♪ ♪
Get in position.
‐ I will look out this window
until you tell me not to.
♪ ♪
[gun cocking]
‐ Hey, he as a gun.
‐ It's just a precaution.
‐ Hey!
♪ ♪
Give me the gun
or lose your cut.
♪ ♪
Hey, this is it.
[doorbell chiming]
[jazz music playing softly]
♪ ♪
‐ Hey, what are you doing here?
‐ I have a patient,
needs your services.
‐ Listen to me.
I thought you wanted me to lose
a bill or something like that.
This is way beyond.
This is my house.
‐ We had an agreement, Marcus.
You want the name or not?
[suspenseful music]
‐ Okay.
‐ Open the garage door.
You don't want your neighbors
to see this.
[gunfire]
[men shouting]
‐ Mm!
‐ Really?
‐ Dude, you can't just send
your dudes on me like that.
‐ Yeah, I can.
Whoo!
‐ Annihilation complete.
‐ [whines]
‐ There it is.
[laughs]
You're such a lightweight.
You should drink
every time we play.
‐ I'm not even drunk.
‐ Hey, so, um, she ever say
anything to you about me?
‐ Who?
‐ Bonnie.
You think we clicked, right?
‐ Dude, forget Bonnie.
Kelen said she's getting
back with her ex.
‐ [sighs]
What'd I do?
I was nice.
I asked questions.
‐ Oh, well, maybe you could,
like, play it cool more
and don't bring up
the Purge stuff so much.
‐ So, what,
act all ashamed of myself,
like you do?
‐ No, I don't.
‐ You tell your girlfriend what
you bought for Purge night?
‐ No, but I've been
reading that book
you were talking about by the
woman who created the Purge.
‐ Yeah?
It's great stuff, right?
‐ Mm‐hmm, it says we're animals
born to hunt.
‐ Yeah.
We shouldn't let these
fucking college girls
make us feel like shit about
doing what man was meant to do.
‐ Right.
You ever think about how weird
it is that, like,
we have to wait
all year round to Purge?
Like, how can something be good
one day and wrong the next?
‐ Exactly.
[suspenseful music]
‐ You see on the news
about that farmer
they found off Highway 90?
‐ Kind of.
Wait, um, heatstroke guy.
‐ Yeah, but it wasn't
heatstroke.
‐ How do you know?
‐ Because I was there
when it happened.
‐ What?
♪ ♪
‐ I was there.
‐ Wow.
I just...
Wow.
[chuckles]
Um...uh, that's intense.
♪ ♪
If anyone found out,
you'd get arrested.
♪ ♪
Why would you do that?
‐ No, I was joking, man.
I was fucking around with you.
‐ Oh, okay.
♪ ♪
‐ You‐‐you believe me, right?
‐ Uh, sure.
Yeah, of course.
♪ ♪
Um...
I'm gonna get you some water
to sober up.
♪ ♪
[head thuds]
[blade slicing]
[grunting]
♪ ♪
[blade slicing]
[shouting]
[grunting]
♪ ♪
‐ [grunting]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[alarms blaring]
‐ Attention, students.
Evacuate the dormitory.
‐ Everybody out.
Let's go. Let's go.
[blaring continues]
‐ Aw, for real?
‐ Attention, students.
Evacuate the dormitory.
‐ Dude, let's go!
‐ Single file.
Let's go.
[tablet beeping]
‐ It's gonna be tougher
than I thought.
Might take a minute.
‐ Doug, how we looking?
‐ Clear on my end.
[knocking]
[gasps]
Hey, fellas.
‐ Sir, are you a member here?
‐ I'm just waiting
on some friends.
‐ What friends?
‐ The Johnsons.
I just got here a little early.
‐ Johnsons.
All right, why don't you
go ahead and come with me
while you wait for them, huh?
‐ Come on, there's not really
a reason for that, is there?
‐ Well, I'll tell you this,
sir.
You can either come with me,
or I can call the police and
give them your license plate.
‐ All right, I'm coming.
[car door beeps]
Let's see if we can get this
all sorted out.
[car door slams]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
‐ [groaning]
‐ Clock's ticking, Doc.
What's the verdict?
Is he gonna make it?
‐ He's gonna need
this amputated
if you don't let me do my job.
‐ That bedside manner
needs work, Doc.
‐ [groaning]
‐ Okay, he has
compartment syndrome.
That's why his limb
is inflamed.
Okay, I just gotta drain it.
It's nothing.
‐ [groaning]
‐ How did this happen?
‐ Don't ask questions, Doc.
♪ ♪
‐ [groaning]
[shouts]
♪ ♪
[cell phone chimes]
[grunting]
♪ ♪
[keypad beeping]
[locks whir and click]
♪ ♪
‐ All right, jammer's in.
‐ Okay, put everything back
as it was.
Don't want them knowing
we were in here.
They'll search
and find the device.
♪ ♪
‐ [whistles]
‐ Sorry, guys.
♪ ♪
Must have got
the wrong golf course.
Won't happen again.
‐ Yeah, be sure
that it doesn't.
♪ ♪
‐ Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit,
shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
Shit, shit, shit.
♪ ♪
[gunshot]
[body thuds]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
♪ ♪
‐ Shit, their car is gone.
Did you hear me?
They're on their way back now.
They're on their way back!
‐ You think it was Carl?
Shit.
‐ Get out of there now.
They're on the move.
[car engine revving,
tires squealing]
♪ ♪
‐ Who was it?
‐ I couldn't see his face.
‐ Can't see it now.
♪ ♪
[door creaking]
[keypad beeps, lock clicks]
[doors slamming]
♪ ♪
‐ What's happening?
‐ They're locking us in.
♪ ♪
[alarms blaring]
‐ Everybody out.
‐ Attention, students.
Evacuate the dormitory.
‐ Hey, do you know
what's going on in there?
‐ Some asshole pulled
the fire alarm.
‐ When can we get back
in there?
‐ I don't know, man.
Not soon.
Apparently they gotta check
the whole building.
‐ Evacuate the dormitory.
[doors whirring and slamming]
♪ ♪
‐ Whoever's in my house,
you're not getting out alive.
We're coming to get you.
♪ ♪
[door thuds]
[all grunting]
[blow lands]
‐ Moving.
‐ I got high left.
♪ ♪
‐ Ten o'clock!
[gunfire]
‐ Inside!
[doors slamming]
Block the door.
♪ ♪
Come on.
Get that.
♪ ♪
Get back.
‐ Fire department
coming through.
[alarms blaring]
‐ Attention, students.
Evacuate the dormitory.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
Attention, students.
Evacuate the dormitory.
♪ ♪
[both grunting]
[slamming]
‐ We didn't steal anything!
And no one else needs
to get hurt!
Lift the security
and let us go!
Don't make me shoot you!
‐ Stand aside.
[gunshot]
‐ Damn it, how did this
go to shit so fast?
[both grunting]
They're not backing away.
We gotta call somebody.
‐ Who the hell you gonna call?
‐ Cops.
‐ All right, keep it clean.
I'm gonna give you this old
doxycycline prescription
to prevent infection
and ibuprofen for the pain.
‐ Thanks.
‐ Whose van is that, babe?
‐ Put your hands
above your head.
‐ Hey!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Put the gun down!
That's my wife!
‐ Marcus?
‐ Don't be afraid, Mrs. Moore.
Your husband and I had a deal.
He was smart enough
to keep his end.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
I always deliver
what I promise.
♪ ♪
Let's go.
‐ [grunts]
♪ ♪
‐ What the hell did you do?
[door clicks open]
‐ Hey, what I had to do.
They got us the name.
[door clicks shut]
The person who tried
to Purge me.
‐ Oh, my God.
♪ ♪
‐ Sam Tucker.
Wait a minute.
♪ ♪
Sam Tucker.
Doesn't he live around here?
‐ [sighs]
‐ Babe.
‐ [exhales sharply]
‐ Babe?
What is it?
♪ ♪
What?
‐ We had an affair.
♪ ♪
[alarms blaring]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[door slams]
‐ [whimpers]
[breathing heavily]
♪ ♪
‐ If I could take it back,
I would.
‐ Do we have any bleach?
‐ Please.
‐ I said do we have any bleach?
‐ Just hear me out.
I'm trying to apologize.
‐ For fucking someone else
or trying to Purge me?
‐ I didn't!
Marcus, I had no idea
he would do anything like that.
‐ Yeah?
You sure?
'Cause you were out of the bed
before the assassin broke in.
‐ Babe, no!
I didn't know about it.
I swear to you!
Sam and I, we‐‐we haven't
talked in a long time.
‐ How long?
‐ I broke it off last summer.
‐ Yeah, you did.
‐ Yes!
I don't wanna be with Sam.
I wanna be with you.
‐ Well, you got a funny way
of showing it.
‐ I was lonely, okay?
‐ Well, come and talk to me.
Tell me.
‐ I tried to,
but you were at work.
You're always at work!
‐ So what do you
want me to say?
That I forgive you?
Because I don't.
‐ I thought you'd
never find out.
I‐‐I hoped you wouldn't.
‐ That's what's even more
fucked up.
You were gonna keep this
to yourself?
Even after the last Purge?
Babe, I could have died,
and you weren't gonna tell me?
‐ I don't wanna lose you.
‐ Lose me, Michelle?
I can get Purged
because of what you did.
‐ So there's been no indication
that they've spotted you
in the system, right?
‐ Look, they have people
whose only job
is to detect intrusions.
We just have to hope
that I'm better at hiding
than they are at seeking.
‐ Okay.
♪ ♪
She ran away
because of what you did.
♪ ♪
You ruined her life.
[siren blaring]
‐ Esme.
Esmeralda.
[speaking Spanish]
‐ [speaking Spanish]
‐ Esmeralda!
[speaking Spanish]
[whimpering]
[distant gunfire]
[speaking Spanish]
[dog barking]
[distant clattering]
[speaking Spanish]
[banging on door]
‐ Okay.
‐ [speaking Spanish]
Esmeralda!
[engine revving]
[speaking Spanish]
Esmeralda!
[car horn honks]
[speaking Spanish]
‐ [laughing]
Ah.
‐ No, no, no!
Esmeralda!
[speaking Spanish]
‐ Looks like someone
don't love you, old man.
‐ Esmeralda!
[shouting]
Esmeralda!
‐ That's okay.
‐ No!
‐ We love you!
‐ [laughs]
‐ [screams]
No, no.
No, por favor!
No, no, no!
‐ [laughs]
[banging]
No!
‐ [grunts]
‐ No!
‐ [laughs]
‐ [grunts]
♪ ♪
‐ We would like to come down to
the station and press charges.
‐ Your statement is fine
for now, Mr. Barker.
We'll be in touch
if we need more.
‐ Thank you.
‐ Let's go.
[indistinct radio chatter]
‐ [grunting]
[tense music]
[car door slams]
[car engine revving]
♪ ♪
‐ This is how we die,
isn't it?
♪ ♪
‐ Grant.
Williams.
Long time, no see.
‐ What the hell, Ryan?
You called her?
‐ You're in a lot of trouble.
Breaking and entering,
attempted larceny?
I'm your savior here.
Finally realized
we can help each other.
‐ How's that supposed to work?
‐ You cut me into whatever
you're planning.
Must be worth a lot
to warrant today's risk.
Or I take you both in
right now.
‐ Let them go!
‐ Hey, freeze!
‐ Right now!
‐ Put the gun down!
‐ Doug, put the gun down.
‐ What?
‐ You heard me.
♪ ♪
I called her.
Stand down.
♪ ♪
You have a deal.
‐ Let him go.
‐ Copy.
♪ ♪
‐ From now on,
you don't make a fucking move
without running it by me first.
♪ ♪
I'll be in touch.
[car door slams]
[keyboard clicking]
‐ So, uh,
did you take this job
so you could infiltrate
the system?
‐ Uh, nope.
I actually believed
in what I was doing.
‐ Spying on innocent citizens?
‐ In order to keep them safe.
Or so I thought.
[scoffs]
‐ Look, I don't think
I can go any further
without triggering an alert.
‐ What do you mean?
There must be another way.
‐ Maybe if I could get some
direct link into the system,
but I'd need you inside
the building for that.
It's too risky
to try off‐Purge.
‐ No.
No, we cannot wait that long.
[static buzzing]
[tense music]
My phone is off.
Let me handle this.
♪ ♪
[static buzzing]
‐ [gasping]
‐ Attention, all students
may return to their dorms.
The building is now safe.
♪ ♪
‐ [breathing heavily]
‐ Going down.
♪ ♪
[elevator bell dings]
[all screaming]